いろいろと鳴らせ ONIGO
While I await the arrival at the inn,
Welcome!
All purpose grass udders are digged
and fed
to the lectures of the school
in Kumagawa
Wohl, Wohl, Wohl,
Hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, ho
You've got a crazy thief in the town
I'm the god of sun, goddess SatsUegai
Hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi, hoi
Orangeania tears
cards
lyrics
Hoi no hoi no hoi no yo se hoi no hoi no hoi hoi hoi